Doc for Upgrade LogReadyTimeout setting (#808)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/settings.md

- `restoreVM`: Option that enables Harvester to automatically restore running VMs after a single-node cluster is upgraded. The default value is `false`, which causes all VMs to be stopped after the upgrade is completed. When set to `true`, Harvester restarts VMs that were running before the upgrade was started. VMs that were paused before the upgrade are not restarted.

- `logReadyTimeout`: Number of minutes Harvester allows for the creation of the upgrade logging infrastructure. You can specify a value between `1` and `20`. The default value is `5`. Allowed time range is 1 to 20 minutes. This value is of string type and hence needs to be provided in double quotes (refer the example below)

>   **Default value**: `"10"`

Reviewer: What is the default value? There seems to be an inconsistency.

> - `logReadyTimeout`: Number of minutes Harvester allows for the creation of the upgrade logging infrastructure. You can specify a value between `1` and `20`. The default value is `5`. Allowed time range is 1 to 20 minutes. This value is of string type and hence needs to be provided in double quotes (refer the example below)
> 
>   **Default value**: `"5"`
>   Valid values: `""`, `"0"` and from `"1"` to `"20"`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `logReadyTimeout`: Number of minutes Harvester allows for the creation of the upgrade logging infrastructure. You can specify a value (enclosed in double quotes) from `"0"` to `"20"`. The default value is `"5"`. 

  - **Default value**: `"5"`
  - **Valid values**: `""`, `"0"` to `"20"`
```

- `restoreVM`: Option that enables Harvester to automatically restore running VMs after a single-node cluster is upgraded. The default value is `false`, which causes all VMs to be stopped after the upgrade is completed. When set to `true`, Harvester restarts VMs that were running before the upgrade was started. VMs that were paused before the upgrade are not restarted.

> - `logReadyTimeout`: Option that sets duration for which Upgrade waits for the UpgradeLog logging infrastructure to get ready; times out after that. The default value is 10 minutes. Allowed time range is 1 to 20 minutes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `logReadyTimeout`: Number of minutes Harvester allows for the creation of the upgrade logging infrastructure. You can specify a value between `1` and `20`. The default value is `10`.
```
